---
layout: post
title: About Me
---

Hey there!  Have you ever wanted to read the blog of a mildly interesting undergrad who is still unsure of the direction he wants to take in life?  Well you have come to the right place!

My name is Nick Jerome.  I am a 21-year old junior at Christopher Newport University, currently studying Business Management at the esteemed "Luter School of Business".  Despite initially choosing the business major because I had no idea what to do with myself, I have grown to enjoy the classes and the overall experience so far.  Given all of this, one would probably think I know what to do with myself past college.  And that would be where you are wrong.  I have no god damn idea what comes next for me after this chapter in my life, but I guess that is what I am here to figure out!

Before I start talking _business_, I suppose I can tell my lovely audience a bit more about me.  As mentioned previously, I am a 21-year old attending CNU, although I was born and raised in Ashburn, Virginia.  My immediate family consists of my parents, my younger brother, and my lovely dog, Greta.  I am a pretty big sports fan, mostly basketball and football.  On any given sunday, you can probably find me watching the Ravens' game somewhere.

Now that the formalities are out of the way, I can talk about some of the shit I have done.  The one job I had throughout my time in high school (and that I have still have today) is at Wegmans.  I started as a cashier, but eventually started helping out various departments.  I would be lying if I told you that this job was fun, because it most certainly was horrendously boring and tedious.  Despite all that, it paid well and was a good enough entry level sort of job.

Besides my escapades as an adventurous shelf-stocker in a grocery store, I have also done a fair bit of volunteer work in my life.  Back in high school, I coached youth basketball for a local league who was in need of coaches.  Now, I would not call 17 year-old me _good_ with kids, but I certainly managed to get a whole bunch of rowdy and choatic fourth graders to listen to me.  Overall, that was a really fun experience.  That time I spent as a coach stuck with me, so much so that when I needed to complete volunteer work for PLP at CNU, my first choice was coaching youth basketball at the local YMCA.  A few of my friends who also needed hours invited me to come with, and we have been going back every semester since (before that whole pandemic thing)!

And.... yeah, that's about it.  Not a whole lot to tell yet, but that is what I am working on.  If anyone wants to contact me, you can email me at nicholas.jerome.18@cnu.edu or you can follow me on twitter at @nickjerome14

