---
layout: post
title: Grant Process Two
---


Since my previous blog post discussing the general idea and basic research I had done in preparation for my grant, I have made considerable progress towards finalizing the project.  To give a basic introduction, there have not been any major changes to this project since the last post on this blog.  However, as hinted to above, many other facets of this project have now been either worked on in earnest, or outright completed.  That is what will be detailed in this blog post.


First off, while all the nitty-gritty details of the budget have yet to be finalized, I have determined how exactly I will be making this project a reality.  The project will make use of a program called "Neatline" to create the final product.  Per their website, Neatline is described as "a geotemporal exhibit-builder that allows you to create beautiful, complex maps, image annotations, and narrative sequences from collections of archives and artifacts."  More specifically, I will be using a plugin referred to as "NeatlineWaypoints" to turn what would be a static map, into an interactive experience that anyone can use.  The Waypoints plugin is further described on Neatline's website as such: "Waypoints can be put into a specific order, making it possible to guide users through an exhibit in a linear sequence."  The idea of the project is to present the entire map to the viewer at once.  The map will be littered with Waypoints that explain what happened at that particular location.  The intention is that the viewer can pick and choose where to investigate first, although there will be an option that allows you to go on a "guided tour" of sorts, where waypoints are provided to the viewer in order of when the event occured.  My main issue with a project I found that was similar to mine, was that the only option was following the guided tour, and exploring on your own was not on the table. (Link to said map: https://www.arcgis.com/apps/Cascade/index.html?appid=038a72439bfa4d28b3dde81cc6ff3214)


Throughout the process of writing this grant, I feel as if I have become a much improved writer.  For starters, the constant peer reviewing certainly helped, as well as being able to see the work of others, and how they were coming to their conclusions.  Sometimes all you need is a spark of inspiration from someone else's work to help bring together your own.  Moving past that, having to look at this project through the lens of a grant has certainly helped me see things differently.  For example, having to do research on actual programs/plugins that could create my project further helped me to visualize the final product.  In my previous blog post, I had a general idea of what I wanted, but with no research on mapping programs, I was unable to realistically envision what the map would look like upon completion.  Now that I have done suitable research on said programs, I am better able to understand how similar projects were created, as well as how mine will be.

In short, while the project has not been fully completed quite yet, the finishing touches will be put on it this weekend.  Overall, this has been a fun project, despite us not actually having to create what we were theorising.
